Feat/moredocs (#8)
brian-vendia/pwc-workshop: README-Milestone4.md

# Milestone 4 - Collaborate on a Shared Uni

> In this section, you will collaborate on a shared Uni

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you will collaborate on a shared Uni.
```

## Collaborate Using the GraphQL Explorer

> Using the GraphQL Explorer, each Participant should add a new Hero or Villain to the shared Uni created in the previous Milestone 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the GraphQL Explorer, each Participant should add a new Hero or Villain to the shared Uni created in the previous Milestone.
```

```bash

> mutation addHero($description:String,$name:String, $slug:String,$username:String) {

Reviewer: Since we're using the GraphQL Explorer please include the variable declaration JSON or just put in static values.

    addHero_async( input: {description:$description, name: $name, slug: $slug, username: $username}) {
        error
    }
}

```

```bash

> mutation addVillain($description:String,$name:String, $slug:String,$username:String) {

Reviewer: Since we're using the GraphQL Explorer please include the variable declaration JSON or just put in static values.

    addVillian_async( input: {description:$description, name: $name, slug: $slug, username: $username}) {
        error
    }
}

```

## Collaborate Using the Web Application

> Following the sames steps as in Milestone 2, connect the web application to your Node within the shared Uni

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the sames steps as in [Milestone 2](./README-Milestone2.md), connect the web application to your Node within the shared Uni.
```

Once the web application is successfully connected, create, update, or delete a Hero or Villain. Tell your collaborating participant to confirm your changes are visible through their web application as well.

_Note: The web application is basic so make sure to refresh the application to see the updates.  We will not explore the WSS interfaces in this Workshop but they would be best suited for real-time, user-facing updates._

## Event-Driven Notifications
Get the current settings for your node in the shared Uni  
```bash

share node get --uni <name_of_your_Uni> --node <name_of_your_Node>

```  

Add a setting to the same node in the network to send block report emails  

```bash

share node update --uni <name_of_your_Uni> --node <name_of_your_Node> --config '{"blockReportEmails":["you@domain.com"]}' --force

```
  
Confirm the setting was successfully applied  
```bash

share node get --uni <name_of_your_Uni> --node <name_of_your_Node>

```  

> Wait for an initial email from AWS confirming you'd like to subscribe to the SNS topic.  If you don't confirm your subscription, you won't receive notification emails.  It takes about XYZ minutes for the AWS wiring to take effect. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wait for an initial email from AWS confirming you'd like to subscribe to the SNS topic.  If you don't confirm your subscription, you won't receive notification emails.  It may take several minutes for the AWS wiring to take effect. 
```

> Make a change to the Uni using either the GraphQL Explorer or the web application to generate a new block, and a corresponding email  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a change to the Uni using either the GraphQL Explorer or the web application to generate a new block.
```

Reviewer 2: Seems minor... but I think it could be good to leave the email bit in as it sets the expectation of the result
